>> What happened 6,000
million years ago?
I am your host,
Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, I
am going to explain
that 6,000 million years
ago, matter was formed.
I am also going to
explain how matter
was formed through the trinity
of creation, which includes
sound, light, and form.
In this planet that we live,
in the third dimension,
we are bounded by the trinity.
The trinity is a concept
that unites us all, and not
only in concept, but also
in religion and science.
The trinity is the thing
that made us exist.
Trinity was born from
the second dimension.
The second dimension
started to divide itself
in order to create the
positive and the negative.
In the middle, the neutral--
it was that spot where the
whole energy of the universe
was going back, and from
which it was going out.
So these two vibrations
start to split and split
and split, like a mythosis
in the cells, once and again
in every direction,
going so far away
that the concepts
of the unity start
to split as long and
as far as it could,
in the positive
and the negative.
But suddenly, when it
got the most expanded,
the force of the neutrality
started to push them back
to the source of energy.
So it was kind of an echo.
That echo that was created
from the duality started
to make waves around the
universe that we call time.
Time started to move like
waves in this big ocean.
And every movement had
a different vibration.
Those waves were
so low and so high,
then started to move
so much that it started
to create energy in
between polarities,
positive and negative, moving
this energy around and making
it like a spiral.
And that spiral
started to create
the energy for the first time.
Energy is what we call
light, and vibration
what we call sound.
When they went together
to the very same spot,
and all the energies and
sounds from the universe
went to the core of
neutrality, the duality
of positive and negative
create a new reality, what
we call the matter or the form.
The form would be the shapes
of the universe, would
be the way in which the
consciousness will move,
which was no more the expansion
and expression of the universe.
But now it begins
the experimentation.
Experimentation
would be the states
of the universe in which
the mind and the polarity
can experience everything
that they were creating.
[EXPLOSION]
Literally, time became space.
Literally, every perspective
starts to be experimental.
And that's the beginning
of the universe we know.
That's the beginning
of the third dimension.
In just one word, the
geometry was formed.
The purpose of geometry
in the universe
is to help the consciousness
of the first dimension
and the second dimension
to have a plan.
That's the moment when
the cosmic plan was born.
The cosmic plan
doesn't have a goal.
The only goal that it has is to
follow the lines of geometry,
to have an order,
to have a purpose,
to have a coherence on the
movement of the experience.
So that's why, from polarity, it
creates positive and negative.
And from that point we
create a third one that
would unite them all,
because when we are polarity
we just have this perspective.
So we need a third one.
The third one allows us
to see those polarities
from one only being, and
not being two of them.
So trinity starts
to be the third eye.
We have two eyes,
positive and negative.
And then we will
have the third one,
which allows us
to see everything,
not only one perspective.
So the trinity of
the universe starts
as a way to understand
from where we go
and how we have to do this
path around the universe.
So these three
patterns will allow
us to know that we
have this point to go,
this other point where
we are heading to.
And then we have to
make the whole pattern
to get to the first one, with a
new interpretation of duality.
That is the moment where
the spirit creates the soul.
And the soul creates the body.
The body, the soul, and the
spirit is what we call a being.
And a being is the
three vibrations
that will help the consciousness
of the universe to understand
itself through experience.
The holy trinity that
we are talking about
is not about a
god, a holy mother,
and a son that will guide us,
like Christianity would say.
The holy trinity is
vibration, energy, and matter.
Matter is the body.
And there are not
three different things.
They are the same thing
vibrating in different levels
of consciousness.
They are only one
reality, only one thing,
but in different
ways of expression.
So trinity will be the
tool that the consciousness
of the universe has
to experience itself
in different levels
of consciousness.
So 6,000 million years
ago, that vibration
and that light in
the universe started
to go all to the same spot.
And from there, the patterns
of the universe started
to split and create the network,
the network of reality--
the matrix, the geometry.
We started to call
the spots like nodes.
The nodes are the spots where
all the energy concentrates
in spiral.
And then we have these lines
that goes through one of them
to the other one.
And we call that a mission.
And then we have to start from
one spot to go to another spot.
And we have a
mission to accomplish
to get to that other spot.
When we accomplish
the whole pattern,
we had accomplished
our purpose in life.
So the consciousness traced
a plan in which we all--
all the parts that were
split from the universe--
had to follow these
lines of geometry
so we don't lose
each other, so we
don't lose in the big
creation of the mind.
So matter will be the
focus of the universe,
where we can know that
we cannot do everything,
that we have to focus
on just one thing.
That's the purpose
of forgetting.
We are memory.
We are everything.
But in matter, we
must forget everything
because it's the only
way you can concentrate
in the spot you are heading to.
So matter will be
the patterns in which
we have to go through
to learn, step by step,
the different parts
of who we are.
The patterns that
we were creating
and that started to
split in the universe
are our goals in the reality
to create more experiences
in every step we give.
That, we call evolution.
Evolution is to try to
experience and get better
in that experience of learning
and teaching in every geometry
we are going to.
This is the first stage, where
we create these three patterns.
And we activate the spirit.
The spirit is the first
thing that gets physical.
We used to believe that spirit
is something that is not here,
that is in another level, and
that we are the physical part.
But we, the physical ones,
are just the last expression
of the spirit.
We are not separate things.
We are the same thing, vibrating
different levels of matter.
So the first thing that
explodes in the universe
is the spirit itself,
and we call the fire.
That, also, we call
the tetrahedron.
The tetrahedron is the
matter that lights the spirit
from the very beginning.
The tetrahedron, after
that, creates the cube.
The cube will be the
pattern that holds
every dimension in matter.
Then we create the octahedron.
After the octahedron, we
start to breathe to create
the network of the icosahedron.
And we have also
the dodecahedron
after that, where we will
hold the creation itself
that we call the matrix.
The matrix will be the 12
faces of the universe that
are heading to the expression
of the whole reality.
So the first five
expressions of geometry
hold the spirit, the
soul, and the body
in many different
levels of vibration.
The first one, as I
said, the tetrahedron,
will allow us to feel
the fire, the spirit.
So the spirit is also
here as a tetrahedron.
When you start to multiply
the tetrahedron as a fractal,
once and again, once and
again, once and again,
you will hold the
spiral, where you
will find the shape of the DNA.
So the DNA is the physical
expression of the spirit.
The spirit is not
something that is outside.
The spirit is something that
was created, that is physical,
and we call the DNA.
Every pattern that
was created in spiral
through the shape
of the tetrahedron
is the fire of the spirit,
and holds every information
in the whole universe
since we started,
since 6,000 million years ago.
That shape, our expression
in the universe,
allow us to realize
in the third dimension
that we don't have the
spirit above our heads,
that we have it
within in our blood,
and that we, our spirits,
live in this matter,
in this third dimension.
Third dimension is conditioned
by the second dimension,
in between time and space.
Time and space are relative.
They are not something physical.
They are not something real.
Time and space are
just the perspective
of the self trying to
focus in just one step
to find one aspect of the being.
So we choose the time.
We choose the space in
which we want to be born,
where we want to
express ourself,
and which is the
tetrahedron that
is most aligned to our purpose.
So we need this tetrahedron in
the positive and the negative,
and we would call, in the
third dimension, mom and dad.
So when we put
them all together,
we create an
octahedron that will
allow us to divide our being
in many different levels
of consciousness, like the
mythosis of the soul that
creates the chakras.
And the cube that holds every
dimension in ourselves we
call now the cells.
Cells are cubes.
Split in many, many,
many thousands of them,
that creates a sphere.
A sphere is not a sphere itself.
It's the conjunction
of every geometry that
was expressed in the universe to
create a perfect sphere, which
would be the perfect shape to
leave every possible reality
in the third dimension.
The only way you can see every
dimension is through a sphere.
That's why, in the universe,
the most evolving beings
are spherical, like the cell
in the microcosmos and the sun
or a planet in the macrocosmos.
When you find the sphere, you
will realize that inside of it
you have every pattern
possibly created.
So the only way you can
go through this reality
of the third
dimension, the only way
you can go out this dimension,
is if you finished the patterns
that you have created.
I used to explain, when I was
a kid, that when I was a spirit
I saw this big supermarket where
we have all these geometries
in different sections.
And we have to
choose every geometry
that we call mom, purpose,
mission, our DNA, will.
You have different
things that you hold
and you put in your bag.
And then you have to
learn how to put them
all together, that we
call the moment of birth.
The moment of birth is when you
put all these geometries around
that we call the shards.
You have astral shards that
press with gravity, press time
and space to mold yourself
into all these geometries you
have picked in the universe.
So you can experience one
thing, or three or four things.
And when you are born,
you have to experience
all of every line and spot
that creates that geometry.
If you haven't finished with
the whole purpose of matter,
to see every dimension
of this geometry,
you have to go
back and try again.
So that, we call karma.
Karma is not
something that is bad.
We used to call
karma like something
that you've done bad things and
you are repeating the course.
But really, it means learn.
Karma is all these things
that you haven't learned yet.
So when you have learned
it, it becomes dharma.
And the only way you can
understand the whole reality
and heal this
karma-dharma wheel is
if you experience every spot
and line in these geometries,
through your lives in
different times and spaces.
So that's why the
third dimension
will be the place where you
have to practice the coherence.
Coherence is the most difficult
and the most important thing
that you could ever
have in the universe
of the third dimension,
because coherence
is to be a line in between
the heritage of the spirit,
the heritage of the soul,
and the heritage of the body.
If you want to
call it vibration--
the spirit, the energy, which
is the soul and emotions,
and the matter the DNA,
which is our history
in the third dimension.
So they are like
grandfather, father, and son.
And they are like
a tree of life.
It's not separate beings.
They are all connected
through the same vibration,
which is the spirit.
So in the third
dimension, you have
to experience every
possibility of those three.
And you have to align the
three realities in just one.
That's why the third dimension
is the most difficult
dimension, because you have
to put every geometry you have
created since the very
beginning of the universe
in just one being.
And that's why we have too many
emotions, too many experiences,
pain, suffering and all
these realities that
are not built from another
being in another part
of the universe.
But they were created by
you, by yourself, who created
this reality to understand.
And when you're not
able to understand
why you have created, you
start to have headache.
And you're stuck in the process.
And when the geometry
is stuck, the chakras
are not able to
roll, to go through.
And that stuck the chakras.
And it becomes an illness--
sick.
So every process that we
think is something bad
that is happening
to us, it's not
because someone is
sending that to us.
It's because we are stuck in
the process of not understanding
why we choose this experience.
So the third
dimension is the one
where you have
come to understand
who you are through
experience, just experience.
So that's why you have to
experience as many things
as you possibly can
in the third dimension
and to live as many lives
you can possibly live.
This is not a dimension where
you have to escape from.
Third dimension is
the one that allows
the other dimensions
to experience
what they have created.
When I was in
another dimension, I
used to remember that for many
of us, when we were called
to be born in the third
dimension for the first time,
we felt it was an honor.
We didn't feel like, oh, it's
terrible we are going there.
What I felt was, I am
glad that someone--
myself-- picked myself
to go and live the things
that I have think about it.
It's like living
your own dreams.
So this is the most
important dream
you could ever have created,
the third dimension.
At the moment, when we
are just spiritual beings,
we are just one light.
And we are expressed in
one level of vibration.
People used to call this
the different rays of light,
like violet ray or
the blue one, pink--
different rays of light
from where we come from.
That means the different
level of vibration
in which your spirit
is vibrating, so
from where it was created.
But when the
spiritual being starts
to go out the first dimension to
split in the second dimension,
you will have now
a big opportunity
to fill every color
of every light,
because when it split you have
the most lower vibration, which
is the negative,
and the most higher
vibration, which
is the positive.
So in between of them
is not just one light.
It's many of those
lights, that goes
from the very dark red
to the very high violet,
crossing all the rainbow.
So that, we call the different
energies of the universe.
But they were just one split
into positive and negative.
And that creates a lot of them.
So according to the
vibration they have,
they will express and
experience an echo of frequency.
Low frequency, which
would be like a very low
vibration, and even more
higher and higher and higher
vibration and frequencies.
So these vibrations creates
different perspective
in which you can see the truth.
We call that emotions.
Emotions are the different
ways you can see the truth.
That's why in the
third dimension,
emotions are so important.
Emotions are really
important, not only for humans
but for every being existing,
because every being existing
has chakras and have this energy
engine that makes them work.
So we had put those
emotions, cultural beliefs--
that's why we think that
humans are the only ones that
have emotions.
But the planet has emotions.
The stones has emotions.
Every being has emotions
in the third dimension,
because we are all
bounded by energy.
So the different
vibrations of energy
creates these different chakras.
And these different chakras
has different patterns
in the third dimension.
The first ones were the
fire, the energy of fire,
that some people
call the Kundalini.
That's why the tetrahedron,
the seed of that energy,
is in the first chakra.
And then we start to
go to the cube, which
is the second chakra, then
the third chakra and so on.
So we have these
different patterns
of energy creating
the shape of the body.
So every part and every
geometry, what it will do
is to divide itself as
many times and many spaces
as possible to create the body.
So every geometry, multiplied
for many, many thousands
of times, it will
shape the organs
that will help us to
create our bodies.
So the energy moving within
and outside all the time,
like a wheel--
Chakra means wheel in Sanskrit.
So those wheels are
creating so, so many energy,
like a torus which is
spinning around itself,
that its brightness starts to
create different lightnings
and lights around
that shape the matter.
So the matter is a
consequence of that vibration.
So every organ you have is
the product of that vibration.
And that's why, also,
when you go to nature,
you will see that some
fruits and some vegetables
and some animals has the shapes
of the organs of your body.
And that's because they are also
a product of that vibration.
And that's why when
you have an illness,
you have to see which
organ is the one that needs
more energy with that shape.
And you will find that
some seeds and some fruits
and some vegetables
has the shape
and the colors of those organs.
So when they start,
you can go outside
and look for that energy, and
eat it to have that frequency
and energy to heal the chakras.
Also, emotions heal the chakras,
because the other people
is a resonance of you.
So when you try to align your
chakras, maybe some people,
just with some words or some
feelings or some sharing,
are just aligning your chakras
with the same vibration
and the same patterns.
When you try to understand
how the matter works
and how reality works
in the third dimension,
the most accurate
statement you could have
is, for us, technology.
I used to call that the
body is like a computer.
The body is the hard drive.
And then the soul
is the software,
which is the program that
goes into the computer.
And then you have Wi-Fi--
internet-- which
we call the spirit.
So now, entering in the new
time to understand matter
and the reality of
the third dimension,
we have to understand
that we work
as a product of the
internet, creating a software
to develop a computer.
So we should change our way
of thinking about reality,
not as something separate in the
third dimension, like something
holy and something material.
But all of that is just a
consequence from each other.
That's why coherence is the most
important thing in the matter,
because coherence is when
you have aligned the three
aspects of yourself within you.
And that's when you
find your own truth
and your own
perspective of reality.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano,
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the
next episode, where
we will dive into the
four pillars of reality
and how that affects you.